features.md, before:

---
Order: 20
Title: Features
Description: Features of the Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin.
---
The [Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin] provides the following features.

# Basic features

* Reports issues as messages to AppVeyor builds.

# Supported capabilities

The [Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin] doesn't support any additional capabilities.

|                                                                    | Capability                     | Remarks                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Checking commit ID             |                                |
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Discussion threads             |                                |
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Filtering by modified files    |                                |

[Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor

Commit message:

(GH-86) Add link to demo repositories

features.md, after:

---
Order: 20
Title: Features
Description: Features of the Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin.
---
The [Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin] provides the following features.

:::{.alert .alert-info}
There's a [demo repository] available which you can fork and to which you can create pull requests to test the integration functionality.
:::

# Basic features

* Reports issues as messages to AppVeyor builds.

# Supported capabilities

The [Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin] doesn't support any additional capabilities.

|                                                                    | Capability                     | Remarks                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------|--------------------------------|
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Checking commit ID             |                                |
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Discussion threads             |                                |
| <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-remove" style="color:red"></span> | Filtering by modified files    |                                |

[demo repository]: https://github.com/pascalberger/Cake.Issues-Demo
[Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor addin]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor
