README.md, before:

# AppVeyor support for Cake Issues Addin

This addin for the Cake Build Automation System allows you to write issues found using any code
analyzer or linter to AppVeyor builds using the [Cake Issues addin](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues).

For more information about this add-in see the [Cake.Issues website](https://cakeissues.net)
and for general information about the Cake build automation system see the [Cake website](http://cakebuild.net).

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/blob/feature/build/LICENSE)

## Information

| | Stable | Pre-release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor)|

## Build Status

| | Develop | Master |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|AppVeyor Windows|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s8t8j2gh6icynkod/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-issues-pullrequests-appveyor/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s8t8j2gh6icynkod/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-issues-pullrequests-appveyor/branch/master)|
|Azure DevOps Windows|[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_apis/build/status/cake-contrib.Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branchName=develop&jobName=Windows)](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_build/latest?definitionId=11&branchName=develop)|[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_apis/build/status/cake-contrib.Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branchName=master&jobName=Windows)](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_build/latest?definitionId=11&branchName=master)|

## Code Coverage

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branch=develop)

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cakeissues.net)

## Chat Room

Come join in the conversation about this addin in our Gitter Chat Room.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. See [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Replace Gitter with GitHub discussions (#224)

README.md, after:

# AppVeyor support for Cake Issues Addin

This addin for the Cake Build Automation System allows you to write issues found using any code
analyzer or linter to AppVeyor builds using the [Cake Issues addin](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues).

For more information about this add-in see the [Cake.Issues website](https://cakeissues.net)
and for general information about the Cake build automation system see the [Cake website](http://cakebuild.net).

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/blob/feature/build/LICENSE)

## Information

| | Stable | Pre-release |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor)|

## Build Status

| | Develop | Master |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|AppVeyor Windows|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s8t8j2gh6icynkod/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-issues-pullrequests-appveyor/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/s8t8j2gh6icynkod/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-issues-pullrequests-appveyor/branch/master)|
|Azure DevOps Windows|[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_apis/build/status/cake-contrib.Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branchName=develop&jobName=Windows)](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_build/latest?definitionId=11&branchName=develop)|[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_apis/build/status/cake-contrib.Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branchName=master&jobName=Windows)](https://dev.azure.com/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/_build/latest?definitionId=11&branchName=master)|

## Code Coverage

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/cake-contrib/Cake.Issues.PullRequests.AppVeyor?branch=develop)

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cakeissues.net)

## Discussion

For questions and to discuss ideas & feature requests, use the [GitHub discussions on the Cake GitHub repository](https://github.com/cake-build/cake/discussions), under the [Extension Q&A](https://github.com/cake-build/cake/discussions/categories/extension-q-a) category.

[![Join in the discussion on the Cake repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Discussions-green?logo=github)](https://github.com/cake-build/cake/discussions)

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome. See [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).
